Add note about the planned change of the manylinux default (#1992)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PPC64LE_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_ppc64le) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_ppc64le)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_S390X_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_s390x) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_s390x)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PYPY_AARCH64_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_aarch64) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_aarch64)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PYPY_I686_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_i686) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_i686)
| CIBW_MUSLLINUX_X86_64_IMAGE | [`musllinux_1_2`](https://quay.io/pypa/musllinux_1_2_x86_64) |
| CIBW_MUSLLINUX_I686_IMAGE | [`musllinux_1_2`](https://quay.io/pypa/musllinux_1_2_i686) |
| CIBW_MUSLLINUX_AARCH64_IMAGE | [`musllinux_1_2`](https://quay.io/pypa/musllinux_1_2_aarch64) |
| CIBW_MUSLLINUX_PPC64LE_IMAGE | [`musllinux_1_2`](https://quay.io/pypa/musllinux_1_2_ppc64le) |
| CIBW_MUSLLINUX_S390X_IMAGE | [`musllinux_1_2`](https://quay.io/pypa/musllinux_1_2_s390x) |

> <small>* The default is scheduled to change in a cibuildwheel release on or after 30th June 2025 - it's recommended to set the value now to avoid this changing by itself.</small>

Author: Pending decision in #1772

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<small>* The default is scheduled to change in a cibuildwheel release on or after 30th June 2025 - if you don't want the new default, you should set the value to `manylinux2014`.</small>
```

I think many projects are happy to accept whatever is default, so this wording is a bit softer.

Author: Thanks, yeah that's better

<div class="link-target" id="manylinux-image"></div>

### `CIBW_MANYLINUX_*_IMAGE`, `CIBW_MUSLLINUX_*_IMAGE` {: #linux-image}

> Specify manylinux / musllinux container images

The available options are:

| Option | Default | Future default* |
|---|---|---|
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_X86_64_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_x86_64) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_x86_64)

> | CIBW_MANYLINUX_I686_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_i686) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_i686)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_I686_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_i686) | 
```

There's no i686 image for manylinux_2_28

| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PYPY_X86_64_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_x86_64) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_x86_64)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_AARCH64_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_aarch64) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_aarch64)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PPC64LE_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_ppc64le) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_ppc64le)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_S390X_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_s390x) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_s390x)
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PYPY_AARCH64_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_aarch64) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_aarch64)

> | CIBW_MANYLINUX_PYPY_I686_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_i686) | [`manylinux_2_28`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_28_i686)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| CIBW_MANYLINUX_PYPY_I686_IMAGE | [`manylinux2014`](https://quay.io/pypa/manylinux2014_i686) | 
```
There's no i686 image for manylinux_2_28
